docs(react-grid): add remote virtual scrolling guide (#1993)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-grid/docs/guides/remote-virtual-scrolling.md

.embedded-demo({ "path": "grid-virtual-scrolling/remote-data-basic", "showThemeSelector": true })

## Caching

Use data caching to avoid unnecessary requests. The `dx-react-grid` package provides an implementation of a client cache. Call the `createRemoteRowsCache` to instatiate the cache. It also possible to use any other caches such as Apollo GraphQL cache or a custom cache implementation.

### Sorting and Filtering

> For the sorting and filtering to work correctly it's necessary to purge rows cache each time a sort or filter paramters change. When filtering enabled total rows count should be fetched with each query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If users are allowed to sort or filter rows, clear the row cache each time the sort or filter settings are changed. Filtering also requires the total number of rows to be returned in every response.
```

> NOTE: debounce request on filter change to avoid fetching data on each keystroke.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*NOTE: Debounce requests on filter change to avoid fetching data on each keystroke.*
```

> The following example demonstrates a grid configuration with enabled cache, sorting and filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following demo, the Grid allows you to sort and filter rows. Loaded rows are cached.
```

.embedded-demo({ "path": "grid-virtual-scrolling/remote-data", "showThemeSelector": true })

## Infinite Scrolling

> Set the `VirtualTableState` plugin's `infiniteScrolling` property to `true` to make rows to load consequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In infinite scrolling mode, rows are loaded in sequence. To enable this mode, set the `VirtualTableState` plugin's `infiniteScrolling` property to `true`.
```
